The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everyone uh out there in podcast the podcast nation my brother my brother i mean nation
the desolate barren wasteland absolutely we left you out in the cold you're freezing you're cold
and you're cold we have we're back sort of with some solace from the cold a bit of warmth
uh it's a best of it's super fucking cold out there it's really cold uh hopefully this is
enough to get you through though uh we've gone cut us open cut up cut open our comedy bellies and
climb in crawl inside aside move you and a friend inside our bellies there's room for two we went
through our 14th through 30th episodes to glean one hour of solid material that primo shit came
in 14 through 30 i i don't know if you guys remember but we were on top of our goddamn
games for like three weeks a lot of laughs a lot of great times a lot of chuckles and chortles and
chunks and uh so enjoy that now and we'll be back with you in just a second you'll know if
the human centipede's ever real because you'll see me about six feet away jerking it so right
you have got to get your human centipede right
you want swagger there's one way to have swagger is to walk on all
fours with two human beings suspended by your mouth and butthole if you walk into a club with
anything less than six legs your sexy is not right you've got to get your leg count right
it's so it's so important to have your suit and then ask the dj to turn on jitterbug
people will never see that coming uh i have a i have a uh uh a regimen i call gtl
ncs and it's a gym tan laundry new centipede segment where i cut off the back my back corners
sure and i find a new person to sew to my butthole right well i call i refer to that as pruning um
rinse and repeat yeah you just got to get a new person to sew to your butthole
every night before you go to the club and that's what craigslist is for
us mackerels are lovers not fighters we don't we weren't really caught into violence don't
cotton to it um yeah i've only been in one fight in my life and it was when a someone cut in the
four square line and i i spoke up and i got slapped in my face it was such a powerful slap that i fell
down to the ground you you're only 19 so let me let me uh give you some guidance from somebody
who's 29 who's got a decade on you if you try to fight everybody who's an idiot you are going to
be exhausted because most people are stupid and deserve to have their faces punched in you just
can't you don't have enough punches in you for all the people that need to be literally fucking
punched in the nose like hard until it breaks and the bone goes up in their brain and kills
mentally can i tell you why i've never gotten in a fight for real um and you should really
you should take note of this ramsey because you're only 19 um i'm always afraid like the
first fight i get into like it's gonna get into 50 cuffs and then someone's gonna like punch me
in my eye or like in my good eye and just pop it right out and then i won't have an eye anymore or
like they'll punch me in my my sweet straight teeth and and jack up my whole grill and and
that'll be the end and that'll be a thing i have to deal with for the rest of my life like they'll
punch me and then i'll have an owen wilson nose for the rest of my life because of this one
altercation do you know why you know why i never gotten a fight i was taking a stage combat class
and uh the professor grabbed my wrist and held my fist up in the air and announced very loudly
does everyone see this travis mcroy has fists of iron if he were to ever accidentally hit someone
he would kill them so i've lived in fear that the first time i punch someone you'll lock their eye
out i will just straight up kill them well travis you've been in more fights than than all of us
because i remember one time in middle school there was an altercation where you beat the shit out of
somebody with a trombone case that is correct knocking right on his ass uh good times good
times uh griffin's big claim to fame is just just griffin stay with the people who are slap
happy like if they look like i'm gonna slap somebody you gotta gotta get away from them
are you who was that gentleman with the giant hands yeah i don't know if i'm not going anywhere
near what's up with everlong over there are you especially top heavy and i've never done
because i tell you i'd love to eat steak every night but most of the time i have frozen chicken
rings what the fuck real a chicken ring get right out of town can you can you elaborate
can you expound on tender that has been bent into a circle and just in case you want to wear it like
a bracelet for snacking on the go is you stack them on your fingers like rings and then you eat
them off um while pretending to be rushing that's what happened whatever happened in that middle
brother that used to be on that show didn't you hear he ate chicken rings almost exclusively
and died at the age of 29 and here's the bad news they've made me sick every time i've eaten them
and i bought three bags of them i just can't stop we need to have one entire episode just
solely about travis's diet um because you know what i ate yesterday i ate an entire bucket of
kentucky fried chicken christ on a bike travis that's it and then a dr pepper and cookies and
cream ice cream float tell everyone tell everyone about um your your regular breakfast meal because
that's the that's the worst thing i've ever seen a human when i do a full breakfast no no no no
like uh your your bagel your bagel monstrosity my bagel monster like when i do like an everything
bagel with mustard and cheese and and uh banana peppers and meat like that kind of thing yeah
that's a that's a hearty breakfast and also lunch and dinner that's like an mre that oh god you skip
right past brunch to insanity you're crazy somewhere along the line everyone loses that
kind of childlike impulse where they just sit in the middle of a kitchen and say i want to eat all
of this do it let's go for it but you know i you have chosen to never lose that i am trying to get
my son trained to defecate in a bag instead of a toilet or diaper any suggestions or tips
my wife and i are very environment conscious and have been thinking
he isn't potty trained yet and we don't really want him formally trained to use a toilet which
we believe wastes water and drains resources my wife and i started my wife and i started going
in bags about two years ago no you did it and we use the excrement blended with other materials
to fertilize our garden and also and also sell it to friends for extra spending money
but we have no but we have had problems getting him to squat and be patient enough to go
how can we encourage how can we encourage him prizes punishment what has worked for
you go in the bag or so help me derrick so help me if you don't shit that back derrick you shit
in that bag or you are grounded hey someone's i'm sorry weirdo but what punishment are you
gonna levy against this child that even approaches the social punishment of going to school the first
day asking the teacher where you can go shit where's the shit bag room he totally pre-empted
that uh because in the additional details he says he won't need a bag to be packed into his backpack
because he will be home schooled again he doesn't have to worry about being made fun of because he
will be home schooled listen it does school that's a that's one one part of that kid's life how about
mall how about next time he goes to the mall he's at the arcade and he feels like deuce coming and
he has to bag it right there spencer what about the first time he goes to the produce department
the grocery store and gets confused as fuck hey where's this human shit we're and and who made
it is that like an in-house thing that you guys you guys provide is that a service i i don't know
that this is true but i have to imagine that uh child protective services goes through the internet
looking for things exactly like this nah i have to right now this is cool i mean it's pretty much
a science project if you think about it no it's that green movement you can't get the you can't
child protective services isn't going to do shit about more like a brown movement yeah
you monster hey it looks like you're just cupping your child's naked bottom with your hands no it's
cool i have a bag bag here and i'm trying to get it to poop in the bag the little bastard just won't
do it thinks he's too good for pooping in a bag punishment punishment what punishment
you're gonna rub his nose in it fuck did you just honey did you just hear a flush
derrick derrick did you bring a toilet into this house chicken chance
y'all who answers user lala asks how do you get airbrushed poreless skin naturally
is it possible
pretty sure your skin is is what mannequins at you need them pores lala yeah you definitely
definitely need the pores i think i disagree what you mean to do is be beautiful sure but
like your your skin is a porous membrane through which things need to move or else you'll know that
is so 2000 and late in this day and age what you need to do is get uh some surgery to have every
pore individually removed have you seen chad he's got that non-porous surface they took a skin graft
off the back of his thighs and just yeah just filled in his holes he sweats from his mouth
though which he sweats from his mouth like a dog which is a chad are you drooling no don't be gauche
i don't have pores um part of me sir perhaps you didn't notice my smooth a mannequin like skin
excuse me i see a water cup here i don't see a sweat cup for the sweat pouring out of my mouth
it's quite warm in your establishment and i need a receptacle for my mouth mouth sweat
where is your trough where do you keep your troughs because i'm about to hit the tread
pardon me where's the spittoon where's your novelty western spittoon excuse me the the the
tone when i spit into your spittoon with my mouth sweat was that a and i prefer a nice b flat could
you have your spittoon tuner i'm beautiful damn it i'm beautiful i deserve this have you guys
heard about how fast chad can swim i guess he's just so aerodynamic he just gets in the water
and just that's what that's what was going with michael phelps he's trying to get high enough to
convince himself to get his pores removed i've just started this wonderful relationship with
an amazing girl i met through dungeons and dragons tabletop don't ever let her go the problem is i've
never been in a serious relationship before i don't know when or how to display the appropriate
signs of affection hugging kissing holding hands please et cetera please help as soon as possible
well dating and dragons affection doesn't have to be in the in the physical ways that everybody
thinks it's whatever feels right for you it's it's mainly about showing that you're considerate so
you know if you know she's had a hard day you uh make dinner if she forgot to get uh her retainer
you go get it for her um if she needs help hanging up her cloak that's another thing you
could do maybe polishing her bow staff you guys are both you guys are making jokes but i think
that there's an angle to this question we haven't considered yet which is girls that play dungeons
and dragons are fucking freaks yo crazy crazy yo lady in the streets but a freaking weird she may
ask what what don't worry lady in the caverns but i'm freaking the bedroll
i'm saying i'm saying she's probably so shy but see in her secret heart of hearts
she ain't wearing anything underneath that cloak see she is ready you need to storm her castle
a chastity belt's got a rip top on it you know what's up breakaway chastity belt more like
all right okay let's get um five more dungeons and dragons theme sexual innuendos in i'm i'm
actually cashed are you tapped out i'm all out that was it chicken chance ever since my son
could speak my wife and i have been discriminating about one thing what's called his private area
my wife being a traditionalist refers to it as his penis i being a little more hip call it as a
junk now when he refers to it as his junk my wife cringes it gives me dirty looks what do you guys
think where do you stay on the matter i think you need to think about what's creepier that
or a little three-year-old kid saying excuse me papa my penis what happened to weiner why can't
kids call it their one you know what i yeah there it is wormy was my option until um
um software year of high school software high school until then it was which got awkward once
once the intimate times started up yeah i like the high school having intimate times in
freshman year can you feel can you feel my wormy poking through these these jest pants
here comes the warming these fashionable slacks the early bird gets this wormy
me what are you girls it's gonna be the early bird i think you should teach your son to be
ashamed of his sexuality and not refer to it at all yeah yeah just every time he brings it up
hoses him down how do you consider my shame my shame my evil my pants evil now what is what how
what is what's going on in your five-year-old's life that this is a recurring problem for you
yo pops what do i call this thing jimmy kindergarten says to call it my cocking balls
teach gets mad when i call it that what's do i calls it well well ali g how i don't know uh how
you got in place with my son um can i suggest maybe you let him name it i just came up with a
dad name for it oh god wiener machine it's wiener machine what about something nice and non-specific
like coach coach is good because he like he tells you what to do and plus he's got a whistle
he's got a way do you guys not have that this is from chris uh via gmail says i can't seem to get
my wife's attention we both work that's what i hear when someone uses an exclamation point uh we
both work fast-paced jobs long hours and long commutes we're either going full speed or pass out
from exhaustion we tend to buzz right by each other on most days my question is how can i get
her to slow down and start hanging out more i'd like to do something special so i figured i'd
solicit some expert advice from you guys as a side note molly my wife is a loyal listener so
she should be listening right now assuming you get to my question maybe a plea directly to her
would do the trick uh the mbmb am wedding proposal was a home run can you spray a little magic for
us chris maybe you could clear like 30 minutes in your own schedule to think about the fact that
your wife makes time for us but not you enjoy that enough that could be something you could do
in your spare time maybe she maybe she like listens to us on the commute um but but this
idea is worth looking into if she if she does listen to us on a commute maybe you should do
your own podcast uh but the podcast isn't you giving advice to people who desperately need it
as much as it is um you just talking about your wife talking about how much you love your wife
love your wife all the things that you do uh in the day that your wife doesn't know about but
you know should know about um and we can call it molly talk molly talk if you need some tips
poor chris chris chris riffs chris riffs ludicrous i i've got nothing saddest podcast ever
kind of a sad kind of a bummer hey hon how's your day um i like hey can we change the name of our
podcast hey how's your day is it wrong to take a naked jacuzzi with your dad and other men in a
men's locker room after a hard workout no one no one checks it there's there there's okay before
you start leaping to conclusions no one checks anyone out but it seems silly to me to dirty a
new swimsuit after working out especially since it's a five-minute jacuzzi before a sauna i mean
even if i wore a swimsuit you are naked under it anyway no no no okay let me be devil's
advocate let me be devil's advocate for jeff real quick um if you do not wear a swimsuit you get a
jacuzzi naked with your dad and other friends the the components of that stew that you're you're
you're broiling there is dicks and water okay can we agree that is a dick a hot dick and water stew
that you are brewing up um if you wear uh swimming trunks then the components to that stew
are swimming trunks water and dicks still so if no one's checking anyone out you're just adding
some some cloth and some mesh to to the dick jambalaya that you're you're creating there okay
but let me counterpoint that by saying that same logic can be applied to any situation in which
clothes are worn you know like if we're naked under our clothes anyways why don't we all just
go to school naked yeah that's not a good that's not a good excuse but it's different because
we wear clothes in normal life so that nobody can can see our dicks when you're in a jacuzzi
it's not about the sight it's about the it's about it's about no it's about it's about the water
convection right it's all about convection it's science here explain to me this jeff now i'm i'm
not you jeff i've not lived a walked a mile in your shoes but maybe you can explain this to me
if i'm walking through my gymnasium and i'm walking to the sauna and along the path to said sauna
i see my dad and a bunch of old men naked in a tub and my dad's like hey jeff do you want to
get in this tub with all of us we're naked and our balls are out and everything do you want to
do you want to get into this stuff jeff our balls and everything don't even kid yourself everything's
out jeff i have changed my answer any scenario that um you can enter into that may possibly
even if it's like a 0.001 chance of touching dicks with your dad is a scenario that's worth
avoiding like what if there's an earthquake jeff oh no get out no i'm going that way coming this
way oh no i gotta get now i gotta go to the bullet store and kill myself
what does that happen jeff you can't take what okay why did we even entertain this
possibility jeff you can't take naked baths with your dad phone call and someone's like what are
you doing jeff you're like i'm just taking a naked bath my daddy and some of his old friends
and their balls are out and stuff that's great i'm gonna go out on a limb and say if you were
in eight separate jacuzzis but only naked and looking at each other it's not any better yeah
it's not any better it may be worse what's the maximum distance that you have to keep
your naked genitalia away from from your dad three states or one layer of cloth
unless that cloth is trunks now one addendum i think this scenario is okay if you're greek if
you're like super greek and not like yeah you have a little bit of greek yeah and you but i'm
talking like heavy greek no heavy greek then it's then it's complete if you're going heavy greek
you're okay to take a naked bath yeah that's just science chicken chance how should i wear a flannel
shirt without looking bad now listen there's there's a matrix of options here we need to come
up with an algorithm uh using these these metrics that dk has provided okay options white v-neck
black wife beater white wife beater black crew neck gray crew neck no undershirt how many buttons
undone zero one two three etc bonus what type of jeans add or deduct things i am a guy i am
skinny i have short hair first off i want to say how much i appreciate him going through the
different numbers of buttons because sometimes i get hitched between two and four and i have to
remember ah shit three that's the one it is a red black plaid flannel shirt he has one shirt
that he is dying to wear but he's just eyeballing it from across the room trying to figure it out
to wear it the right way you know i have one flannel shirt that grants me wishes and i have
to wear it dk hold on to your asshole white v-neck okay all buttons undone wrapped around your waist
torn faded light blue jeans i love it it's that's the joey lawrence is what i call that look yeah
whoa you just blew my fashion mind turn it into a flannel kilt that's that's what i'm saying yeah
but not a utility kill because i'll leap through the internet i'll fucking strangle you
why do you feel the need to to wear this shirt it sounds like he's causing you a lot of
consternation maybe just throw it do like a better question is how many failed attempts
has he had it wearing a shirt he just comes home dejected and strips it all goes today wasn't my
day i can't do it internet clothes but no cigar do you think he's sitting in this room with like
three blackboards surrounding him he's just like madly doing you have to eat shut up figuring out
the shirt continuum no undershirt one button undone blue jeans honey we're supposed to be
married today why are you saying these things to say i do no no jeans short hair i'm a guy i am
skinny khaki you want to name your child the name you want me to burn the birth certificate is one
button black crewneck i am skinny i am a guy fanny pack for one week all that's written on
the board to just dry letters with a big question it's been 30 years and i've never even considered
fanny packs as he slowly chews on the end of his glasses and then just erases the board and cries
he finally he finally finally solves it in celebration he tips over his blackboard tears
the shirt and then rod serling's like what's up twilight time deal with it we're out of ideas
and i'm dead no uh for real though first base is kissing kisses second base is hand stuff third
base is mouth stuff and then a home run is as you so delicately put it intercourse like a robot and
a and a grand slam is her and her sister and a teacher right uh a ground rule double is it
probably has something to do with premature ejaculation i'll i'll test that out later
an error is true love waits uh-huh and never bunt never bunt absolutely absolute mall
i feel like there's more baseball analogies that i if only i knew more
um hey buying a cotton candy in the stands
what is that paying too much for a program well that's a metaphor mars winner from venus i guess
going to the bullpen oh what's it what would be an in the parker and in the park uh what
or when you have sex with a girl named parker good luck with that hey uh let's let's make
this appropriate segue which we we never do uh this yahoo answer was sent in by j phonic
uh known creator dope the dopest beats uh and it is from yahoo answers user river cole who asks
what does bj sorry sorry let me start over what does bj or hj mean in sex terms well my friend
used it in abbreviations and idk what it means i think that the answer this one's pretty clear
cut but um i just wanted to share it because the first answer the top answer is the best thing i've
ever read uh it's from answer one who says um fun source and the source for uh their information
the hj's and bj's mean fun their source is 14 and loving it okay so that means one of a few things
that means one of a few things one this person has had 14 blowjobs or hit and is a fan they are
still in fact loving it nine hj's five bj's yeah two in the parkers um they've they've bought cotton
candy in this if you know what i mean if you know what i mean man the the rest of the answers on
this are weird i bet yeah yeah i don't know that i mean what i'm gonna do to you email me
i'm teen boy 13 hj stands for howard johnson's yeah johnson's it's when you guys fuck and then
go to a ho jazz what's up get the scramble what pinch hitters i'm terrified of what that would be
yeah sit down girl i'm gonna give you sit down girl i'm gonna give you a dusty baker
this is jimmy he's my designated runner
i don't think you have this anywhere do they you just gotta you gotta make sure you wear
protection or else you'll get lew garrick's disease i'm so sorry do you have any suggestions
on tactics to respond to people like this and do i and still keep my sense of self-worth i have a
great suggestion for you tucker from gmail go fetal thanks ellen you go fetal and it's like
oh what did i do they won't know what they did and you're not gonna tell them because you're fetal
right now and and then and what do they have to do now they're concerned about your well-being
they have to call over your boss they say look i was this person went fetal what were you doing
i was kind of yelling at him and stuff get out of my store wait wait wake up tucker it's okay
they're gone now you it's you're fading acting up again yeah it is do you want to take the
rest of the day off uh yeah i think so boom go see inception thanks for yelling at me d bag
i'll see you in the popcorn line yeah that's it let's move on yeah go fetal there's a hot girl
cashiering is that a word there's a hot girl cashiering at my local hypermarket i've only
seen her once and have not been through her checkout line what can i purchase at her register
to make a great first impression is there a sequence of items that will make her mine
people who want great questions this is a great question jar of honey box of condoms children's
movie fish oil i would say walk up and slap down like a bag of kitty litter and stare her directly
in the eyes and say i don't own a cat um here's a get extra small condoms and then throw them on
the register and be like what that doesn't work confidence ladies like that you have these any
smaller can i talk to your manager about special ordering smaller condoms that you're small you got
any thimbles do you have any plantains upon which i can test these bad boys out
little rubber things you put on your thumb to go through papers that would be ideal
i'm more or less dealing with a gumdrop down there it's a little stupid fleshy acorn
i don't think any of these things are gonna work i don't think so either man
this is really bad advice it seemed good it seemed like it was going so well
good one us in the past gosh we were really on point back then those are the days what the
fuck happened there used to be a lot of joy and conviviality in our in our lives and our demeanors
and it's just it seems like it's all it's all gone is it is it you think it's marriage i don't
think it's marriage you're not even married yet that's can't be an excuse for you yet but justin
just i mean travis just got married you've been married i'm getting married maybe just it's the
weight of it it's impressive like i'm really happy in my relationship but tyler perry movies have
taught me that it's just there's a weight there's a constant weight to it travis is in scotland on
his honeymoon right now which is why we don't have a regular episode so think about that next
time you complain about it you jerk yeah it's a creep it's a special week i don't think anybody's
complaining i think people are actually pretty psyched to not have to listen to us uh i want
to talk to you about hulu plus griffin yeah let's have a private one-on-one conversation about hulu
plus uh lets you stream thousands of hit tv shows and some movies all in hd and uh there's tons of
current shows you missed snl you missed community when it hasn't been on for months you didn't miss
it it's not back yet but it will be and when it is it'll be on hulu plus maybe you don't watch those
shows you can binge watch them because who's got them shits you just sit you plonk down you get a
big old bowl of popcorn um maybe you maybe you set up some sort of living room toilet and you
just you just binge watch it they've got all great shows they've got hulu originals like the awesomes
which is uh seth meyers from snl his show it's also got moon boy starring chris odell from
bridesmaids and here's the best news about hulu plus it's only eight bucks a month that's good but
i can get you into two free weeks when you go to hulu plus dot com slash my brother that's hulu
plus dot com slash my brother you get an extended free trial how about that they also know that we
sent you we have power over you we have power over anyone would be the news there the particular
news that we would like to get out there is that we have any power whatsoever over a single person
hey griff you're getting married here in a month or so uh-huh hop up on my lap for a second okay
come on up all right here i come okay i want to talk to you about mary almost there one second
i'm still climbing okay yep yep top man it's like shadow of the colossus up yeah just climb on up
there get comfy okay here i am all right i want to talk to you about marital aids i'm gonna go
ahead and find my way down now extreme restraints hold on don't talk yet and tell them down please
okay go ahead extremistrates.com is an adult superstore where once the spice has started to
go out i know it seems like it'll never happen a lot of spice now the spice it's like spice is
right right now it's like dune up and like bernhardt getting up in this bitch uh when you
go to extremistrates.com you can uh buy something to maybe spice things up in the boudoir uh give
me like two or three examples sex furniture i know what you're thinking i don't know what
cherry from like cherry it's a cherry costume that you put on but it's got a hole in it no this is
like a uh doggy style locking spreader uh or a trinity sex swing like it's some sort of speculum
recliner uh there's a stockade with an optional fucking rod go on spring for the fucking rod i
think you've earned it and and that's it extremistrates.com i know that you legally
can't buy this yet griffin because you're not married no once you are married you need to go
to extremistrates.com i've got it bookmarked i've got i got it let's just say i've got a full cart
just waiting for checkout uh if you use the coupon code sexabunga we're gonna save you 20%
no big deal i'm gonna be on my cell phone post ceremony like hold on hold on i'll take pictures
in just a second i need like five minutes to confirm my order and my shipping address got a
message to diane eaton and james sinclair from robert and tiffany eaton uh robert and tiffany
say my sister diane is a super cool cat who turned us on about bim bam and also inspired the show's
are we good meme james is like while a legal and ultimate frisbee a legal something oh a legal and
ultimate frisbee badass it's a combined i miss the hyphens together the the magicians alliance
trivia team diane's uh the horse expert james song ghost they covered all your bases there
that's everything that exists everything in trivia uh and they're getting hitched on october 26th
which we missed because uh travis was on his honeymoon sorry guys sorry guys but hey blame it
on the travis if you blame it on one man's marital happiness got in the way of yours so we are sorry
but we do hope that robert and tiffany had a very special day i'm sure they did i tweeted at tiffany
so that's something oh um no sorry that's it i tweeted at diane okay i got i got confused i have
a message to jamie from justin not you oh how kind of me i don't think you did it happy 30th
anniversary to my lovely amazing wife jamie jams it has been a stupidly great three years of cross
country adventures hiking trips cat craziness video games and general hijinks you're the best
i love you and look forward to many many more years of marriage to come jamie jams is so straight
kind of counting his chickens here isn't he yeah a little bit i'm saying it sounds like you're in
a very happy loving relationship with somebody who's happy and loves you um but don't get comfy
one step at a time one year at a time so happy anniversary you two we hope it's a great one and
now we're going to get back to some old things justin what are you doing uh strapping a uh chicken
in my arm heard there's some plague out west so i just wanted to you know kind of get out ahead
of it justin if you'd ever listen to our medical history podcast saw bones where we talk about
everything from trepanation to bloodletting you would know that that is a ridiculous idea and it
will never work so i haven't caught it saw bones yes it's every friday on the maximum fun network
and we record it together doctor something yes
so i would like some information some steps to take to become a wizard well robert i'm glad you
asked i have some pamphlets here that i think you might be interested in not about wizard but about
i run like an anti harry potter school that teaches kids that their magic is shameful have
you thought about the magic of our lord and savior jesus christ he means that's the thing
not about that magic i think when a lot of people hear the word wizard they think magic i think
there are star wars episode one there are a lot of elements of the of the wizard lifestyle that i
think you can adopt without you know knowing how to okay good step one like uh beard beard up day
one beard get yeah um naked day two naked day two because you're a wizard gotta keep save something
uh blue robe yeah a long robe but i need a familiar that's how are your sleeves hey you're by the way
everybody in class your little brother doesn't count as your familiar way to put the effort into
it not not at all and don't spray paint your cat it seems like a good idea at first just spend the
extra money and get the black cat with all the extras it's worth it for the features like that
tail you can crank to cast spells uh you need to capture some villagers and lock them in your
basement um oh you're going like evil wiz no no i mean that's that's a natural how do you have
you not read harry potter i think you might have been reading like a maybe like an offshoot series
so did you see did you check these out on harry potter dot info slash fan stories i actually i
read helter skelter that's my bad that's on me that's all is is the theory we're working on here
that if you have all the trappings of wizardry and you do all the things that magic powers just come
like you wake up one morning and your beard is just long enough and so you can look at things
yeah have you ever seen um uh the santa clause uh class spelled c l a u s e as in like a legal
clause yeah uh-huh whoa that this is already funny it's kind of slow down i didn't make it past the
title god tim ellen you you know he knows exactly where my funny mode is like surgical stride style
why are cats testicles furry and humans not i would like furry testicles thank you furry cat
furry cat testicles look so cool don't you think so i've had i've actually had that thought as well
i've just just look at not on an actual cat but on a like a furry like a furry like a human being
dressed up like a cat yeah i'm just saying that that's kind of a cool look i was actually thinking
of naming my new garage band that furry cat testes what is the uh what's the story with um with cat
balls are people looking at these things more than i knew that they were is that it's troubling
when in the same week i get sent two questions that have to do with cat genitalia um i didn't
know maybe it's some sort of some sort of looks like bird watching maybe looking at cat balls is
the new watching paint dry watching the cat's balls uh i i don't think that you should i think
it's one of the mortal sins to cover the balls of another animal isn't that in the in the bible or
something well no because cats are an exception because you're supposed to worship them and they're
sweet tits and they're huge awesome balls my suggestion um a clipboard i know it seemed
but it'll let you get away with literally anything you can put sudoku on there you can put some
crossword on there or just carry it around so no one how did you how did you just pronounce
the word sudoku i think i said sudoku sudoku no griffin you're confused sudoku is that new joint
if you guys played sadaka are you playing neil sadaka i was actually thinking of the gas station
sunoko did you get that new john sakata record wow and the game included inside the zd notes
really fun i've been playing all day sudoku is that is that new sudoku where it makes a picture
at the end and then the cards bounce around the screen an erotic picture that's a sexy picture
it kind of looks like a boob made of blocks
oh yeah what's up with that what's the story there there's a we got an email from this dj
uh who goes by the name rocky horror um and he he takes like he takes mixtapes he makes mixtapes
based on themes like he made one on lost which i guess mixes like homespun jams with like cuts
like lines from loss like deep cuts like deep deep cuts from lost um but of like people talking but
they each mixtape has a theme and he wants to do one based on my brother my brother and me
um so he's going to be touring with that and like just like spinning it in the clubs in the
warehouse raves um so like if we can just riff for like 30 seconds like give him like dope things to
say uh we need to say his name rocky horror and uh his co-dj bird flu okay um we have to fit that
into it somehow but we gotta we gotta think of some dope things to say that like when you hear
it in the club you're like yeah and you you like flip your light sticks around and shit yeah you're
like uh uh like rocky horror this is bird flu dance all night bird dance all night
we got it gotta dance we can't we can't talk each other like over each other though because
you okay i'll go first okay then we'll just go in a round okay all right so i'll say something dope
and then try to listen okay rocky horror is the dj bird flu has the best shoes look at his shoes
rocky horror four on the floor yeah get dub stop bird flu don't stab don't step don't stab
boom intellectual uh crowns and dumbbells rocky horror late night party in the city
turn it up not down getting loose getting tight spruce goose spruce goose bird flu sprucing his
goose bird flu be responsible call a cab you're on ecstasy call a cab bird flu don't be a fool
wrap your tool dub style dubstep everybody be smiling everybody be dancing what the fuck kind
of rave is this is this a reggae rave lose yourself in the sound of a steel drum
where's the minute bowl when you get the story right oh shit uh so so hopefully that's enough
most of our most of our episodes are about hip-hop and r&b i draw most of the the things
we say from the recordings of jay-z and missile war in hell is it sad that for um
for um the better part of my entire life i thought r&b stood for rap and beats
what i thought it stood for rap and beats this is my brother my brother and me and it's an
advice show for the modern era we also will teach you that r&b does not stand for rap and beats
what does it say how long how well do you enjoy that rap and beats music
she's the greatest rap and beats singer of all time alia is the new princess of hip-hop
and rap and beats god bless you who sings better justin bieber or cisco the thong song what
that's all part of the question um why wouldn't he hook us up with a bieber a bieber title he goes
on to explain um the thong song was the biggest single since billy jean michael jackson do you
think that justin can top that so he's coming from the cisco side like he's defending cisco here he
has got that full-on cisco heat and cisco is the greatest artist that has lived since michael
jackson i'm pretty sure he had the number one single one of his friends said bieber is the
greatest musical artist of our generation he said excuse me what about cisco and he was laughed down
and he turned to his only friend the internet to prove him right good old yahoo answers is always
there for you that cisco knowledge so where do you guys stand what do you so bieber bieber cisco
bieber has has so much to go through in his life cisco has already gone through so you're saying
cisco's got the experience or do you say that bieber can can still has so much in front of him
that he can be shaped and formed by his experiences to to a sum that is greater than cisco i think
that what needs to happen is a musical apprenticeship of justin bieber to cisco oh my god reform drew hill
with cisco justin bieber ellen degenerus from hansen the little kid from hansen the littlest
one the baby the one that's like three or four still forever forever baby super group forever
baby is another good name for a band call them the traveling willberries too and they'll just just go
they would never collaborate on a single musical project they would only do versions of their own
composite songs like they would sing thong songs they would sing uh baby which is listening to
other cities would be tantamount to listening to it now that's what i call music in 1994
like that's that's the experience shit how many of those did you guys own um be honest zero zero
i owned three what yeah i own three of them the third one was an ironic present um from justin
mensker but how many times did you listen to that oh a lot of times a lot of times there's
a really good fastball cut on that one a really deep cut they get out to the bonyard fastball
track was it um was it perchance the way chicken chance you want to turn around and say goodbye
bye baby don't you know don't you know don't you know things are changing things will go your way
if you hold on one more day blue devil atv racer asks how do i get my girlfriend to start to rub
my crotch while we make out i just don't know how to get her to we've been making out since forever
and i get excited but my crotch just needs some attention how do i go about this
oh blue devil it's so easy um you just put a little peanut butter down there
oh god well what you don't want to do is hide in mashed potatoes
that's absolutely the worst thing you can do i like how non-specific he is i don't care if
she rubs my penis in that quadrant my inner side to do it yeah just start from there she'll know
what to do where the hair starts did you tell her it's sore and then ask if she has any icy hot
yeah can you rub that down for me it's getting a little stiff what from all my atv racing my
crotch just needs some attention that sounds like something a serial killer says he's looking a
little lonely down there what dialogue is going on between you and your crotch hey i'm down here too
come on um i didn't want to say anything but i could use a little attention i'm feeling real
snubbed down here and you and i used to be so close i miss deborah remember deborah you remember
deborah she used to rub start to rub me um um frequently so frequently and you wouldn't even
have to tell her that there was peanut butter down there she wouldn't know holy shit chicken
chance skinny jeans i say screw it man if it if that look works for you just just go for it i was
about to say 30 but like i'm almost 30 and i wear skinny jeans on the reg it's all about what signal
you want to send out jared if you want to send out the signal that you're like someone's not
wearing those for comfort they're wearing those because they want to make an impression on people
and you're saying hey i'm putting the effort into it what's up i want i want my fanny meat to look
like some grade a material i want it and i want it out there on display i'm not ashamed to wear
pants that lift and separate yeah i want to advertise as much as scott pilgrim has been advertised i
want out there like sp hey hey come get this butt hey did you now see now i think you're crossing
into a different signal that you might not want to be sending hey you want some butt i've got some
for you this butt is yours just kidding it's mine i keep it in these skinny jeans you want a slice
for you do you like some would you like some butt who gonna carve up this butt it's butt for once
and i'm pretty sure the the asian guy in the black eyed peas is named loser maul is that
loser maul it's will i am loser maul fergie just timberlake and fergie did you guys know that fergie
is short for ferguson so you're saying this caller is asking about clarissa explains it all
where can they find back episodes that probably ferguson from clarissa explains it all got a sex
change operation um downtown and now he's not in his uptown not his uptown he already had location
was uptown but okay you're like a young craig fergie yeah craig fergie ferg fergie ferg did
you know ferguson grew up or got his sex change operation undid changed first name to craig
and uh and hosted a late night talk show he's actually um he's a a lycan throat is that right
like he's a lycamorph where in the daytime he's anamorph he's an anamorph the daytime he is craig
ferguson comedy talk show host nighttime fergie from the black eyed peas it's like poor timing
if i'm between between three and four in the morning he's a tiger i would want to be the late
night talk show host night i think he records them in the daytime though don't you know how tv works
how do i leverage my new car into getting girls well simple answer drive your car into the building
hey ladies billy joel gets more tang than anybody on the planet yeah um sorry about your fracture
but check these out look at these rims that are on top of your leg can you see them yes yeah it's
got a hemi it's crushing my ocular cavity i've got a pretty good look at it um so so kill girls with
it that's one have you thought about maybe an airbrushed t-shirt oh an airbrush t-shirt i have
a car my car i have a car it's pretty sweet ma apostrophe car and it's a picture and then just
an ironed-on picture of your car it's a picture of you sitting on the hood of your car making out
with a girl only the girl doesn't have a face it just says your face here on it yeah and make sure
it's not a mannequin because girls have a pretty good sense of that yeah they can see the pores
tree tops asks is there an easier way to lose weight than this
in the description of this question uh tree tops has pasted a link to the music video for rock
lobster no no the answer is clearly no but i mean the abkins diet maybe but that's a temporary
that ketosis only lasts for so long rock lobster that's a deep burn deep burn you will be reddened
after that down muscles and it breaks down all the fatty acids the fatty layers and they just
fall off your body that's the i went a step further okay i had a condom surgically attached
to my penis oh god god i just sometimes i just try to make griffin sad i chucked in my coffee cup
how does that so you can use it once
no that's the problem he just keeps using it if it actually gets punctured it's considered a
biological weapon what is in there what did you do you killed 30 people why are you standing
with your pants around your ankle and a gas mask on what are you doing i'm the new outbreak monkey
i'm patient zero like my wiener is patient zero are you wearing a fanny pack
underneath your pants oh i wish oh jesus i wish i'd put the forethought into this
prosthetically attached condom that's why it was an outpatient surgery uh did here now here's my
question did blue cross blue shield cover that um part of it yeah it was uh it took a lot of
paperwork yeah i would imagine i had to convince him it wasn't elective he got he got jealous of
nuva rings he wanted a similar a masculine alternative yeah um just everyone just everyone
should carry them they give them to like middle schoolers just everyone provide them i'm confused
doesn't everyone just have a box of six condoms that they had had so long that they don't remember
where they came from yeah does everybody just have that because i keep mine in an altoids tin
that has the words jimmy hats like crudely and sharpies uh ashley p asks is this true my mom said
that after you have sex you won't grow taller anymore example get taller that's that's completely
true that is completely true you're spitting out all your bones right yeah that's what makes your
bones is your bone juice they call it they call it boning down because it literally compresses
your bones when you do it yeah that is correct and once you break the seal you're donezo
you actually start shrinking yeah if you just constantly keep blinking all the time you know
how like old old people are really small they only get like that because they're total sluts
rupa clannan was three feet tall in her desk that's why she didn't hear your tv appearances
is that's a fact you ever see that episode where blanche was like i can fit through a mouse hole
it's too soon to joke about that is it it's never too soon it's a little too soon um
is it too soon for her to hop back in bed with the guy after guy after guy after guy
until she was two feet tall didn't i go to bed with rupa clannan she's gone she's not gone she's
at the end of the bed she's boning down that indian from indian in the cupboard
what the fuck man that's where we went travis with those classic literature references that's
easier guy i'm a guy and i'm thinking of shaving my legs if so how far up the leg should i shave
what are your thoughts on men shaving legs from form spring bitch what do you think our thoughts
are i'll tell you how far up you should shave not not up but to the ankle to the ankle shave
your just the top of your foot and your knuckles shave your foot bilbo the answer is either not
at all or all the way yeah yeah i don't want any of this half-assed shit i want you to shave it
inner thigh outer calf and just a lightning bolt that goes like a hairy checkerboard that's what i
wore carve your basketball jersey number into your inner thigh hair better yet carve mine and we'll
be going steady um you shouldn't shave your leg don't shave unless you're a swimmer if you're a
swimmer professional swimmer or runner i bet that michael phelps shaves his legs and he could beat
the shit out of me he's just all arms and sinew isn't it yes he's like some kind of pterodactyl
it's like a pterodactyl it's like an antelope he's like half antelope what's up with that
antelope half pterodactyl now if your dream is being homeless that's bad no one's no one's
dream is ever like the manager of a local bank which would be a a fungibly secure you know um
vocation and most people are you know i want to be tom cruise's best friend i want to open a failing
bar that's my dream a real middle of the road kind of establishment uh i think that pursuing
your dreams is always a good idea because you only go around on those big blue ball once and
this big stupid orb listen don't shoot this shoot for the big hollow bitch shoot for the stars and
even if you miss you'll run into the moon what's up moon i failed
here's a yahoo answers question that was sent in by eric near uh thank you eric near uh it's
by yahoo answers user ben edwards who asks i think so he's not positive but he thinks
that he is in love with a goose what should he do um you know what it is it's that fucking neck man
oh my god what couldn't it swallow right well i mean i'm not even talking about the length i'm
talking about the elegant curvature oh my god my look which is it's like exactly what i have is
that elegant curvature so or it would work out really well it's like a mysterious sexy question
mark hey i'll tell you what you need to do can you reread the question griffin sure i think okay
that here's our operative word here here's what you do you need to shore this shit up and figure
out if you're in love with a goose take a long look in the deep dark truthful mirror and think
about whether or not you want to stick that goose's beak in your butthole you want to fuck
a goose or not this is not something you're equivocal on it's something you know do you
want to fuck the goose yes or no i'm on the fence of on my position on goose fucking okay no wait
well now we don't know he wants to fuck it he may just want to be in love with the goose
okay there's lots of different love there's lots of different love that's so true travis
maybe such a good point maybe he wants to adopt the goose love and what's that maybe the thing
is he has a goose baby all the time he dreams about it all the time so what does he what is
he dreaming about it like he's going he's going antique shopping at flea markets with his his
his love goose yeah okay yeah yeah yeah this is fine give him a little suit i mean it's not fine
it's not fine justin it's not fine he's talking about a goose and by the way um side note the
guy who wrote in asking for names for his band love goose is an awesome name uh you could put
a little jordy la forge visor on it and say it's your goose son for the future well that one didn't
that one didn't work quite so well it works for me it works for me he comes from a weird island
dr morrow-esque future where man animal hybrids are the same he has the brain of a man or a woman
if you don't want to be gay the worst i want a hetero goose that was only in the ladies i'm no
weirdo i'm gonna fuck a lady goose i'm not i'm not in an aberration to god what kind of deviate
shit do you think i'm into i only fuck female gooses pieces i like to kick back with a cold
brew and fucking just chill out watch a game eat some corn chips and fuck my goose
it's been a long hard day at work time for some good old-fashioned goose fucking
i say goose get back in the kitchen finish making dinner and the goose is like i'm a goose
i can't even get to the counter the only recipe i know is seeds goose goose where's all my bread
oh you ate it again get over here i'm gonna fuck you goose i told you not to eat that bowl of sun
chips we left out those for guests goose quit walking in a line with other geese get over here
i'm trying to get over here you're mine i lost you i forgot which one you were i'm in love with
one of you i'm gonna have to fuck all of you to figure out which one oh no oh god i'm just
sick of the neighborhood kids spray painting goose fucker on my porch well i would i wouldn't mind if
they would stop writing gay goose fucker don't they get it let's be clear listen i'm at church
every day with my goose wife in a dress next to me while the reverend preaches but i can't listen
that close because all i can think about is how bad i want to get down on this goose it's adam and
geese not adam and steve okay that's it chicken chance ah still so good a lot of gut busters and
a lot of nut busters these have aged well got lots of gut nut busters lots of penis talk had to uh
actually make sure to spread out the uh episodes the the single bits where we talked about penises
otherwise we would have had them back to back to back rock block cock talk normally if you're
spreading out penises you need to go to extreme machines.com but i did it with the magic of
editing oh boy uh also want to remind you to hulu plus where you can binge thousands of hit shows
anytime anywhere huluplus.com slash my brother that's huluplus.com slash my brother uh we're
gonna close this shit out yeah i'm done i'm ready to get out of here thank you all very very very
much for for sticking with us next week we'll be back with a regular episode travis will be back in
town he'll have many stories of haggis and shit so look forward to that please and uh we'll look
forward to this and now griffin from the past take it away with one more yahoo answer chicken
chance this this question was sent in by jacob locker it's uh yahoo answers user billy reynolds
who asks why do chinese people eat food
oh
i'm griffin mcroy and this has been my brother my brother
i guess your dad's square on the lips you will never know me
hey i'm jesse thorn hey i'm jordan morris we're actual friends and actual professional
broadcasters we host jordan jesse goh a show about you know friendship being a person yeah
we run the full spectrum from feelings to some of the most vulgar jokes you can imagine and honestly
putting it that way makes it seem like it's half and a half at best 25 75 it's definitely mostly
vulgarity but it's a pleasant friendly vulgarity from two guys who went to a reasonably prestigious
uc college why don't you try the show out now grab one with one of your favorite comedians
like rob corddry or rob delaney or whatever or somebody awesome that maybe you haven't heard
of yet yeah go to maximum fun org or your favorite podcasting app and download an episode of jordan
jesse goh now